

  * &lt; Back 
  * All Men 
  * Glasses 
  * Sunglasses 
  * Top Materials 

    *       * Plastic 
      * Metal 
      * Titanium 

  * Top Brands 

    *       * See All 400+ Brands 
      * Dolomiti Eyewear 
      * Oakley 
      * Ray Ban 
      * Gucci 
      * Versace 
      * Prada 
      * Tom Ford 
      * Burberry 
      * Silhouette 
      * Nike 
      * Dolce &amp; Gabbana 
      * Flexon 
      * Giorgio Armani 
      * Calvin Klein 
      * Persol 

  * Men's Shapes 

    *       * Aviator 
      * Oval 
      * Rectangular 
      * Round 

  * Men's Styles 

    *       * Designer 
      * Rimless 
      * Big 
      * Small 
      * Retro 

  * &lt; Back 
  * All Women 
  * Glasses 
  * Sunglasses 
  * Top Materials 

    *       * Plastic 
      * Metal 
      * Titanium 

  * Top Brands 

    *       * See All 400+ Brands 
      * Gucci 
      * Dolomiti Eyewear 
      * Versace 
      * Tom Ford 
      * Prada 
      * Tiffany 
      * Oakley 
      * Ray Ban 
      * Burberry 
      * Coach 
      * Michael Kors 
      * Silhouette 
      * Kate Spade 
      * Vogue 
      * Tory Burch 
      * Dolce &amp; Gabbana 
      * Giorgio Armani 
      * Jimmy Choo 
      * Guess 
      * Calvin Klein 
      * Vera Bradley 

  * Women's Shapes 

    *       * Oval 
      * Rectangular 
      * Round 
      * Cat Eye 

  * Women's Styles 

    *       * Designer 
      * Rimless 
      * Small 
      * Retro 

  * &lt; Back 
  * All Glasses 
  * Shop By Category 

    *       * Womens 
      * Mens 
      * Reading Glasses 
      * Round 
      * Most Popular 
      * In Stock 
      * Designer 
      * Presidential Collection 
      * Retro 
      * Vintage 
      * Rimless 
      * Titanium 
      * Celebrity 
      * Big 
      * Small 
      * Unique 
      * Flexible 
      * Top Brands 
      * Revue Boutique 
      * Prescription Eyeglasses 
      * Plastic 
      * Kids 
      * Made in USA 
      * Swarovski Crystals 
      * Asian Fit 
      * Computer Glasses 
      * Vision for the Homeless 
      * Sale 

  * Top Brands 

    *       * See All 400+ Brands 
      * Dolomiti Eyewear 
      * Dolomiti Vintage 
      * Gucci 
      * Versace 
      * Oakley 
      * Ray Ban 
      * Tom Ford 
      * Prada 
      * Burberry 
      * Silhouette 
      * Balenciaga 
      * Coach 
      * Michael Kors 
      * Nike 
      * Kate Spade 
      * Vogue 
      * Tory Burch 
      * Dolce &amp; Gabbana 
      * Flexon 
      * Tiffany 
      * Giorgio Armani 
      * Jimmy Choo 
      * Guess 
      * Calvin Klein 
      * Vera Bradley 
      * Persol 

  * Eyeglass Lenses 

    *       * How To Choose 
      * Lens Pricelist 
      * Our Lens Quality: Guaranteed 

  * Glasses Info 

    *       * How To Buy Online 
      * Consumer Guide 
      * Shop By Shape, Color, Size, etc 

  * &lt; Back 
  * Order Lenses 
  * Lens Pricelist 
  * Prescription Lenses 

    *       * Single Vision 
      * Progressive (No Line) 
      * Bifocal (With Line) 
      * Trifocal (With Lines) 
      * Reading Vision 
      * Computer Vision 
      * Eyezen 
      * Lens Options 
      * Lens Services 

  * Lens Materials 

    *       * CR-39 (regular plastic) 
      * High-Index 1.59 Polycarbonate 
      * Ultra Thin 1.67 &amp; 1.74 
      * Trivex (Best for rimless frames) 
      * Glass 
      * Oakley Plutonite Polycarbonate 

  * Replacement Lenses 

  * &lt; Back 
  * All Sunglasses 
  * Shop By Category 

    *       * In Stock 
      * Womens 
      * Mens 
      * Prescription 
      * Polarized 
      * Designer 
      * Round Sunglasses 
      * Most Popular 
      * Celebrity 
      * Top Brands 
      * Rimless 
      * Clip On Sunglasses 
      * Vintage 
      * Fishing 
      * Sport 
      * Golf 
      * Motorcycle 
      * Boating 
      * Flexible 
      * Kids 
      * Driving 
      * Swarovski Crystals 
      * Aviator Sunglasses 
      * Asian Fit 
      * Sale 

  * Top Brands 

    *       * See All 400+ Brands 
      * Oakley 
      * Prada 
      * Gucci 
      * Ray Ban 
      * Versace 
      * Dolomiti Vintage 
      * Tom Ford 
      * Burberry 
      * Maui Jim 
      * Persol 
      * Balenciaga 
      * Coach 
      * Tory Burch 
      * Revo 
      * Kate Spade 
      * Dolce &amp; Gabbana 
      * Tiffany 
      * Nike 
      * Wiley X 
      * Bolle 
      * Salvatore Ferragamo 
      * Giorgio Armani 
      * Vogue 

  * Sunglasses Lenses 

    *       * How To Choose 
      * Lens Pricelist 
      * Our Lens Quality: Guaranteed 

  * Sunglasses Info 

    *       * How To Buy Online 
      * Prescription Sunglasses 
      * Shop By Shape, Color, Size, etc 

  * &lt; Back 
  * All Reading Glasses 
  * Shop By Category 

    *       * Monocle 
      * Pince Nez 
      * Lorgnette 
      * Folding 
      * Half-Eye 

###  Eyewear Info

How To Buy Glasses Online  How to Buy FAQ  Consumer Guide

###  Eyeglass Frames

Adjusting  Blue Light Glasses  Cheap Eyeglasses  Cleaning  Computer Glasses
Flexible  Frame Shape  Frame Fit  Frame Materials  Frame Parts  Frame Quality
Frame Size  Frame Types  Glasses &amp; Face Shape  Kids Glasses  Prescription
Glasses  Prescription Sunglasses  Reading Glasses  Replace Your Broken
Eyeglasses  Rimless Frames  Smart Glasses  Try On Glasses

###  Prescription Lenses

Lenses FAQ  How to Choose  Anti-Reflective Coating  Bifocals  Contact Lenses
Crizal Avance  Crizal Prevencia  Crizal Sun  Eyeglass Lenses  High Index  Lens
Services  Lens Quality  Oakley  Progressive  Ray-Ban  Replacement Lenses
Segment Height Measurement  Transitions  UV Protection  Varilux

###  Your Eyes &amp; Prescription

Your Prescription  Pupil Distance  How to Submit Rx  Online Eye Exam  Eye
Health  Eye Test  LASIK Surgery  Cataracts  Vision Benefits - Employers
Vision Info Links  Vision Test  Vision Insurance  Vision Insurance - Aetna
Vision Insurance - Avesis  Vision Insurance - Block  Vision Insurance - Blue
Cross Blue Shield  Vision Insurance - Davis Vision  Vision Insurance - Eyemed
Vision Insurance - Flex Spending  Vision Insurance – Humana  Vision Insurance
- NewVision Benefits  Vision Insurance - Spectera  Vision Insurance - VSP

###  Company Info

About Us  Advanced Search  Affiliate Program  Careers  Company Info  Community
Service  Discount Glasses  Eyeglasses Recycling  Gift Certificates  Gift of
Vision  Management  Mission Statement  Money Back Guarantee  Newsletter  Price
Match  Return Policy  Optometrist – Westport  Optometrist – West Hartford
Order Tracking  Press  Privacy and Security  Shipping US  Shipping
International  Store Locator  Store - Westport  Store – West Hartford  Terms
of Use  Testimonials

#  Anti-Reflective Coating  

##  What is Anti-Reflective coating?

Anti-reflective coating is also called anti-glare  glasses  , no-glare
coating, and anti-reflective glasses, and it refers to a series of layers that
is adhered to the back and front surface of  prescription lenses  , or just
the back of the lens if the lens is polarized. The purpose of anti-glare
glasses is to help reduce the amount of reflections on the lens. Consisting of
metal oxides, each layer is a thin film that is designed to block a specific
wavelength of light. The more layers of film, the more wavelengths that are
blocked. AR coating causes the light that reflects from the inner and outer
surfaces of each film layer to become equal, thereby canceling each other out.

Do you remember back in the 1990's when anti-glare coating regularly flaked,
stained, and got psychedelic colors? It was a nightmare for opticians because
customers got angry and would blame them for selling an expensive coating that
did not perform well.

Well, the clock has turned and anti-reflective coating is now completely
reliable, whether you choose the more expensive Crizal anti reflective
coating, or the less expensive anti reflection coatings that are available.
Yes, if you leave your anti glare glasses on the dashboard of your car in
Florida, the anti-reflective coating could show signs of stress, but this
falls in the category of abuse. No-glare coating does cost an additional $20
to $90 depending on the underlying lens, but there are significant benefits to
anti-reflective coating. Whether it is right for you - if it is worth the
extra cost - is your decision. Your no glare glasses will work fine without
anti-reflective coating, but the relaxation to your eyes and improved vision
are usually worth it.

##  Crizal Lenses, No Glare Coating

Crizal  is the best known anti-reflective coating on the market, and also the
best and the most expensive. Before you choose Crizal, think carefully about
whether you even need or want anti-reflective coating on your glasses. Anti-
reflective AR coating is chosen by 28.5% of eyewear shoppers in the United
States, compared to 50-90% in Europe. There are many reasons that could
contribute to this gap, but the primary reason is probably the bad history
that anti-reflective AR coating had in its early years. In the 80's and 90's,
anti-reflective AR coatings had a single layer which would craze, scratch or
smudge easily. Today's AR coatings includes a harder layer of scratch
resistant coating, in addition to oleophobic (anti-oil), hydrophobic (anti-
liquid), and anti-static layers. These extra layers help to repel the things
that lead to smudging and scratching. They also help to make the lenses easier
to clean and thereby reduce surface scratches from excessive cleaning.

##  Premium Anti-Reflective Coatings

Eyeglasses.com offers three basic types of coatings. On our least expensive
lenses and within a restricted prescription range, anti-reflective AR coatings
are an extra $20. This is possible because the lenses are coated in a mass
production of tens of thousands of lenses. On other lenses that are custom
made, we offer a $59 anti-reflective AR coating which is an excellent coating.
However, it is not quite as good at the premium Crizal AR coatings offered by
Essilor.

Anti-reflective AR coatings always work better when they are made by the same
maker as the lens itself. For example,  Zeiss  anti-reflective coating works
best on Zeiss lenses,  Pentax  anti-reflective coating works best on Pentax
lenses, and Crizal no glare coatings work best on  Essilor  and  Varilux
lenses  . The reason for this is that the manufacturers each have their own
formula for the underlying lens. That formula bonds best to an anti-reflective
AR coating that is of the same chemical family. Premium anti-reflective
coatings are actually bonded to the lens surface, becoming one with the lens.

##  Benefits of Anti-reflective coating

Anti-reflective coating allows 8% more light to enter the eye. That 8% of
light was bouncing off the outside of the lens, causing other people to see a
shiny spot on your glasses and preventing them from seeing your eyes. Also,
when a light source is overhead or behind you (as is often the case), light
reflects off the inside of your lens and bounces into your eye, increasing eye
fatigue.

When there is more available light to your eye, you can see better and more
clearly. The result is a clearer, sharper vision and reduced eyestrain, which
would benefit everyone. However in some situations, the benefits are more
noticeable:

###  Workplace

\- Fluorescent lighting, computer screens, cash registers etc. all cause an
increase of reflections in the workplace. This increase in reflections causes
eye straing, headaches, fatigue and a decrease in work productivity.

###  Night Driving

\- External reflections are a major problem when it comes to driving safely at
night. The reflections from oncoming headlights, streetlamps, and the road can
cause distractions and discomfort to the driver. Internal reflections can
cause ghost images and result in a decrease in reaction time.

###  Sunglasses

\- Anti-reflective AR coating on the back side of sunglass lenses eliminate
some problems. First is the annoying image of the eye that is reflected in the
center of the lens and can be very distracting. Second is the glare hazard
that is caused by the mirror effect of a dark lens. With sunglass lenses,
light from behind the wearer can be reflected directly into the eye from the
back of the lens surface, causing discomfort.

###  Cosmetic

\- Without anti-reflective AR coating, reflections on the lenses will prevent
people from seeing your eyes. Actors, newscasters, and businessmen prefer AR
so that their audience and associates can clearly see their eyes.

  
  

* * *

  
Author of this article:  
  
**Mark Agnew**  
CEO of Eyeglasses.com, which he founded in 1999. For over twenty years, he has
educated consumers, improved their vision choices, and reduced costs in
eyewear. Mark authored  The Eyeglasses Buying  Guide  , the most comprehensive
and best-selling glasses buying guide in the world.  
** Bio  LinkedIn  Blog  Facebook  **

