

  * &lt; Back 
  * All Men 
  * Glasses 
  * Sunglasses 
  * Top Materials 

    *       * Plastic 
      * Metal 
      * Titanium 

  * Top Brands 

    *       * See All 400+ Brands 
      * Dolomiti Eyewear 
      * Oakley 
      * Ray Ban 
      * Gucci 
      * Versace 
      * Prada 
      * Tom Ford 
      * Burberry 
      * Silhouette 
      * Nike 
      * Dolce &amp; Gabbana 
      * Flexon 
      * Giorgio Armani 
      * Calvin Klein 
      * Persol 

  * Men's Shapes 

    *       * Aviator 
      * Oval 
      * Rectangular 
      * Round 

  * Men's Styles 

    *       * Designer 
      * Rimless 
      * Big 
      * Small 
      * Retro 

  * &lt; Back 
  * All Women 
  * Glasses 
  * Sunglasses 
  * Top Materials 

    *       * Plastic 
      * Metal 
      * Titanium 

  * Top Brands 

    *       * See All 400+ Brands 
      * Gucci 
      * Dolomiti Eyewear 
      * Versace 
      * Tom Ford 
      * Prada 
      * Tiffany 
      * Oakley 
      * Ray Ban 
      * Burberry 
      * Coach 
      * Michael Kors 
      * Silhouette 
      * Kate Spade 
      * Vogue 
      * Tory Burch 
      * Dolce &amp; Gabbana 
      * Giorgio Armani 
      * Jimmy Choo 
      * Guess 
      * Calvin Klein 
      * Vera Bradley 

  * Women's Shapes 

    *       * Oval 
      * Rectangular 
      * Round 
      * Cat Eye 

  * Women's Styles 

    *       * Designer 
      * Rimless 
      * Small 
      * Retro 

  * &lt; Back 
  * All Glasses 
  * Shop By Category 

    *       * Womens 
      * Mens 
      * Reading Glasses 
      * Round 
      * Most Popular 
      * In Stock 
      * Designer 
      * Presidential Collection 
      * Retro 
      * Vintage 
      * Rimless 
      * Titanium 
      * Celebrity 
      * Big 
      * Small 
      * Unique 
      * Flexible 
      * Top Brands 
      * Revue Boutique 
      * Prescription Eyeglasses 
      * Plastic 
      * Kids 
      * Made in USA 
      * Swarovski Crystals 
      * Asian Fit 
      * Computer Glasses 
      * Vision for the Homeless 
      * Sale 

  * Top Brands 

    *       * See All 400+ Brands 
      * Dolomiti Eyewear 
      * Dolomiti Vintage 
      * Gucci 
      * Versace 
      * Oakley 
      * Ray Ban 
      * Tom Ford 
      * Prada 
      * Burberry 
      * Silhouette 
      * Balenciaga 
      * Coach 
      * Michael Kors 
      * Nike 
      * Kate Spade 
      * Vogue 
      * Tory Burch 
      * Dolce &amp; Gabbana 
      * Flexon 
      * Tiffany 
      * Giorgio Armani 
      * Jimmy Choo 
      * Guess 
      * Calvin Klein 
      * Vera Bradley 
      * Persol 

  * Eyeglass Lenses 

    *       * How To Choose 
      * Lens Pricelist 
      * Our Lens Quality: Guaranteed 

  * Glasses Info 

    *       * How To Buy Online 
      * Consumer Guide 
      * Shop By Shape, Color, Size, etc 

  * &lt; Back 
  * Order Lenses 
  * Lens Pricelist 
  * Prescription Lenses 

    *       * Single Vision 
      * Progressive (No Line) 
      * Bifocal (With Line) 
      * Trifocal (With Lines) 
      * Reading Vision 
      * Computer Vision 
      * Eyezen 
      * Lens Options 
      * Lens Services 

  * Lens Materials 

    *       * CR-39 (regular plastic) 
      * High-Index 1.59 Polycarbonate 
      * Ultra Thin 1.67 &amp; 1.74 
      * Trivex (Best for rimless frames) 
      * Glass 
      * Oakley Plutonite Polycarbonate 

  * Replacement Lenses 

  * &lt; Back 
  * All Sunglasses 
  * Shop By Category 

    *       * In Stock 
      * Womens 
      * Mens 
      * Prescription 
      * Polarized 
      * Designer 
      * Round Sunglasses 
      * Most Popular 
      * Celebrity 
      * Top Brands 
      * Rimless 
      * Clip On Sunglasses 
      * Vintage 
      * Fishing 
      * Sport 
      * Golf 
      * Motorcycle 
      * Boating 
      * Flexible 
      * Kids 
      * Driving 
      * Swarovski Crystals 
      * Aviator Sunglasses 
      * Asian Fit 
      * Sale 

  * Top Brands 

    *       * See All 400+ Brands 
      * Oakley 
      * Prada 
      * Gucci 
      * Ray Ban 
      * Versace 
      * Dolomiti Vintage 
      * Tom Ford 
      * Burberry 
      * Maui Jim 
      * Persol 
      * Balenciaga 
      * Coach 
      * Tory Burch 
      * Revo 
      * Kate Spade 
      * Dolce &amp; Gabbana 
      * Tiffany 
      * Nike 
      * Wiley X 
      * Bolle 
      * Salvatore Ferragamo 
      * Giorgio Armani 
      * Vogue 

  * Sunglasses Lenses 

    *       * How To Choose 
      * Lens Pricelist 
      * Our Lens Quality: Guaranteed 

  * Sunglasses Info 

    *       * How To Buy Online 
      * Prescription Sunglasses 
      * Shop By Shape, Color, Size, etc 

  * &lt; Back 
  * All Reading Glasses 
  * Shop By Category 

    *       * Monocle 
      * Pince Nez 
      * Lorgnette 
      * Folding 
      * Half-Eye 

  * Free Shipping   
Orders $50+

  * Free   
Returns

  * Perfect lenses   
Guarantee

  * 50% Lower   
Prices

  * Online   
Since 1999

  * No Restocking   
Fees

__

  1.   2. Accessories 
  3. Anglo American Accessories 
  4. AA400 Sunglass Clip 

#

Anglo American Glasses

AA400 Sunglass Clip

Not sure?  Free home try on!

#

Anglo American Glasses

AA400 Sunglass Clip

Add to Wishlist

##  $90

Color

Black with Brown Lenses  Black With Grey Polarized Lenses  Brown with Brown
Lenses  Brown with Brown Polarized Lenses  Brown with G15  Grey with Grey
Polarized Lenses  Shiny Gold with Brown Lenses  Shiny Gold with Brown
Polarized Lenses  Shiny Gold with Green G15 Polarized lenses  Shiny Silver
with Grey Lenses

**Size** __

Ship's Today!

In Stock

Low Inventory, Order Now!

Add to Cart

Vision Insurance?  Use It Here

  * Description 
  * Details 
  * About  Anglo American 

##  Anglo American AA400 Sunglass Clip Glasses

###

This is a matching sunglass clip for the AA400 frame. The clip is not made by
Anglo American. It is made by a custom maker of sunglass clips, in the U.S.
The clips are made in dark brown with brown lenses to work the brown frames,
and black with grey lenses for the crystal and other colors of frames; also,
gold with brown lenses is available. Each clip features polycarbonate lenses,
but polarized lenses can be used for an additional $40 (call customer service
to order polarized).

Because the clip is made custom, please allow 10 days of order processing
time.

##  Frame Details

  * ###  Gender: 

Unisex

  * ###  Age Group: 

Adult

  * ###  Manufacturer's Warranty: 

One Year

  * ###  Country: 

U.S.A.

  * ###  Category: 

Most Popular

  * ###  Product Group: 

Accessories

  * ###  Return Policy 

  * ###  Refund Policy 

  * ###  SKU: 

N/A

##  Anglo American Accessories

See all  Anglo American

##  Anglo American Glasses

Anglo American Optical glasses come from one of the world's oldest glasses
companies. With manufacturing facilities in England, Anglo American glasses
are made with the best quality italian zyl made by  Mazzucchelli  , the maker
of the world's finest optical plastics. Anglo American Optical Company LTD was
founded in London in 1882, with over 120 years of frame making experience.
Anglo American prides myselves on manufacturing the highest quality zyl
acetate  eyewear  frames in the industry. Anglo American started producing
glasses frames by hand and have perfected it to an art form. All Anglo
American glasses and most  Anglo American sunglasses  can be customized with
**prescription lenses** , just like all of our  glasses  and  sunglasses  .
Get a $30 lens credit when you have lenses installed in Anglo American frames
- Use this discount code: $nglo30

##  More like AA400 Sunglass Clip

See more from Anglo American

  * Free Returns 

  * Easy Returns 

  * Free shipping on $50+ 

  * Responsive Support 

##  Why people choose EyeGlasses.com

####  50% Lower Prices • Easy Returns • No Restocking Fee

×

####  Free Try On

Make your purchase without any doubts. Buy and try multiple styles, sizes in
comfort of your home because we have got you covered with our amazing "FREE
RETURNS" on all products policy. Free Returns on up to 3 frames!

×

####  Vision Insurance

1  Call your insurance company &amp; give them your plan number, and your
verifying information.

2  Ask them to describe the Out-of-Network benefit for your plan &amp; information
necessary to submit the out-of-network claim.

3  Make a purchase at eyeglasses.com, and then submit our invoice to insurance
company for reimbursement.

####  EYEGLASSES.COM IS ACCEPTED BY

