

  * &lt; Back 
  * All Men 
  * Glasses 
  * Sunglasses 
  * Top Materials 

    *       * Plastic 
      * Metal 
      * Titanium 

  * Top Brands 

    *       * See All 400+ Brands 
      * Dolomiti Eyewear 
      * Oakley 
      * Ray Ban 
      * Gucci 
      * Versace 
      * Prada 
      * Tom Ford 
      * Burberry 
      * Silhouette 
      * Nike 
      * Dolce &amp; Gabbana 
      * Flexon 
      * Giorgio Armani 
      * Calvin Klein 
      * Persol 

  * Men's Shapes 

    *       * Aviator 
      * Oval 
      * Rectangular 
      * Round 

  * Men's Styles 

    *       * Designer 
      * Rimless 
      * Big 
      * Small 
      * Retro 

  * &lt; Back 
  * All Women 
  * Glasses 
  * Sunglasses 
  * Top Materials 

    *       * Plastic 
      * Metal 
      * Titanium 

  * Top Brands 

    *       * See All 400+ Brands 
      * Gucci 
      * Dolomiti Eyewear 
      * Versace 
      * Tom Ford 
      * Prada 
      * Tiffany 
      * Oakley 
      * Ray Ban 
      * Burberry 
      * Coach 
      * Michael Kors 
      * Silhouette 
      * Kate Spade 
      * Vogue 
      * Tory Burch 
      * Dolce &amp; Gabbana 
      * Giorgio Armani 
      * Jimmy Choo 
      * Guess 
      * Calvin Klein 
      * Vera Bradley 

  * Women's Shapes 

    *       * Oval 
      * Rectangular 
      * Round 
      * Cat Eye 

  * Women's Styles 

    *       * Designer 
      * Rimless 
      * Small 
      * Retro 

  * &lt; Back 
  * All Glasses 
  * Shop By Category 

    *       * Womens 
      * Mens 
      * Reading Glasses 
      * Round 
      * Most Popular 
      * In Stock 
      * Designer 
      * Presidential Collection 
      * Retro 
      * Vintage 
      * Rimless 
      * Titanium 
      * Celebrity 
      * Big 
      * Small 
      * Unique 
      * Flexible 
      * Top Brands 
      * Revue Boutique 
      * Prescription Eyeglasses 
      * Plastic 
      * Kids 
      * Made in USA 
      * Swarovski Crystals 
      * Asian Fit 
      * Computer Glasses 
      * Vision for the Homeless 
      * Sale 

  * Top Brands 

    *       * See All 400+ Brands 
      * Dolomiti Eyewear 
      * Dolomiti Vintage 
      * Gucci 
      * Versace 
      * Oakley 
      * Ray Ban 
      * Tom Ford 
      * Prada 
      * Burberry 
      * Silhouette 
      * Balenciaga 
      * Coach 
      * Michael Kors 
      * Nike 
      * Kate Spade 
      * Vogue 
      * Tory Burch 
      * Dolce &amp; Gabbana 
      * Flexon 
      * Tiffany 
      * Giorgio Armani 
      * Jimmy Choo 
      * Guess 
      * Calvin Klein 
      * Vera Bradley 
      * Persol 

  * Eyeglass Lenses 

    *       * How To Choose 
      * Lens Pricelist 
      * Our Lens Quality: Guaranteed 

  * Glasses Info 

    *       * How To Buy Online 
      * Consumer Guide 
      * Shop By Shape, Color, Size, etc 

  * &lt; Back 
  * Order Lenses 
  * Lens Pricelist 
  * Prescription Lenses 

    *       * Single Vision 
      * Progressive (No Line) 
      * Bifocal (With Line) 
      * Trifocal (With Lines) 
      * Reading Vision 
      * Computer Vision 
      * Eyezen 
      * Lens Options 
      * Lens Services 

  * Lens Materials 

    *       * CR-39 (regular plastic) 
      * High-Index 1.59 Polycarbonate 
      * Ultra Thin 1.67 &amp; 1.74 
      * Trivex (Best for rimless frames) 
      * Glass 
      * Oakley Plutonite Polycarbonate 

  * Replacement Lenses 

  * &lt; Back 
  * All Sunglasses 
  * Shop By Category 

    *       * In Stock 
      * Womens 
      * Mens 
      * Prescription 
      * Polarized 
      * Designer 
      * Round Sunglasses 
      * Most Popular 
      * Celebrity 
      * Top Brands 
      * Rimless 
      * Clip On Sunglasses 
      * Vintage 
      * Fishing 
      * Sport 
      * Golf 
      * Motorcycle 
      * Boating 
      * Flexible 
      * Kids 
      * Driving 
      * Swarovski Crystals 
      * Aviator Sunglasses 
      * Asian Fit 
      * Sale 

  * Top Brands 

    *       * See All 400+ Brands 
      * Oakley 
      * Prada 
      * Gucci 
      * Ray Ban 
      * Versace 
      * Dolomiti Vintage 
      * Tom Ford 
      * Burberry 
      * Maui Jim 
      * Persol 
      * Balenciaga 
      * Coach 
      * Tory Burch 
      * Revo 
      * Kate Spade 
      * Dolce &amp; Gabbana 
      * Tiffany 
      * Nike 
      * Wiley X 
      * Bolle 
      * Salvatore Ferragamo 
      * Giorgio Armani 
      * Vogue 

  * Sunglasses Lenses 

    *       * How To Choose 
      * Lens Pricelist 
      * Our Lens Quality: Guaranteed 

  * Sunglasses Info 

    *       * How To Buy Online 
      * Prescription Sunglasses 
      * Shop By Shape, Color, Size, etc 

  * &lt; Back 
  * All Reading Glasses 
  * Shop By Category 

    *       * Monocle 
      * Pince Nez 
      * Lorgnette 
      * Folding 
      * Half-Eye 

###  Eyewear Info

How To Buy Glasses Online  How to Buy FAQ  Consumer Guide

###  Eyeglass Frames

Adjusting  Blue Light Glasses  Cheap Eyeglasses  Cleaning  Computer Glasses
Flexible  Frame Shape  Frame Fit  Frame Materials  Frame Parts  Frame Quality
Frame Size  Frame Types  Glasses &amp; Face Shape  Kids Glasses  Prescription
Glasses  Prescription Sunglasses  Reading Glasses  Replace Your Broken
Eyeglasses  Rimless Frames  Smart Glasses  Try On Glasses

###  Prescription Lenses

Lenses FAQ  How to Choose  Anti-Reflective Coating  Bifocals  Contact Lenses
Crizal Avance  Crizal Prevencia  Crizal Sun  Eyeglass Lenses  High Index  Lens
Services  Lens Quality  Oakley  Progressive  Ray-Ban  Replacement Lenses
Segment Height Measurement  Transitions  UV Protection  Varilux

###  Your Eyes &amp; Prescription

Your Prescription  Pupil Distance  How to Submit Rx  Online Eye Exam  Eye
Health  Eye Test  LASIK Surgery  Cataracts  Vision Benefits - Employers
Vision Info Links  Vision Test  Vision Insurance  Vision Insurance - Aetna
Vision Insurance - Avesis  Vision Insurance - Block  Vision Insurance - Blue
Cross Blue Shield  Vision Insurance - Davis Vision  Vision Insurance - Eyemed
Vision Insurance - Flex Spending  Vision Insurance – Humana  Vision Insurance
- NewVision Benefits  Vision Insurance - Spectera  Vision Insurance - VSP

###  Company Info

About Us  Advanced Search  Affiliate Program  Careers  Company Info  Community
Service  Discount Glasses  Eyeglasses Recycling  Gift Certificates  Gift of
Vision  Management  Mission Statement  Money Back Guarantee  Newsletter  Price
Match  Return Policy  Optometrist – Westport  Optometrist – West Hartford
Order Tracking  Press  Privacy and Security  Shipping US  Shipping
International  Store Locator  Store - Westport  Store – West Hartford  Terms
of Use  Testimonials

#  Lasik Eye Surgery

LASIK is an acronym for "Laser-Assisted In Situ  Keratomileusis  ": in normal
language, it means cutting your cornea with a  surgical laser  . The cornea is
the outer "skin" of your eye and the shape of it helps to determine your
visual acuity. By reshaping the cornea with  LASIK  , a doctor can improve
your vision with laser surgery.  
  
Some people with very strong prescriptions grow tired of relying on
eyeglasses  or contact lenses to see and turn to laser treatment. For these
people, LASIK could be a good alternative. With this treatment, your vison
could be improved to the point that you may not need to be wearing glasses
with prescription, or if so, only a minor one. However, before you settle on
this choice, it’s important to know all the facts.

Once you have learned more, you need to get a Lasik consultation with a Lasik
surgeon to discuss custom Lasik for your situation.

Once you have learned more, you need to get a Lasik consultation with a Lasik
surgeon to discuss custom Lasik for your situation. Vision correction surgery
is no joke, it is serious eye care, and the Lasik patient may be taking an eye
drop for a long time to correct the vision problem. This vision correction
procedure is typically used to correct nearsightedness (myopia) or
farsightedness (hyperopia) and/or astigmatism.

##  What Is LASIK Eye Surgery?

LASIK eye surgery uses an excimer laser to change the shape of your cornea.
This is the clear covering over the front of your eyes. When the cornea has a
new shape, it helps ensure that light rays are more focused on the  retina  ,
leading to clearer vision. To see clearly light rays must travel through the
cornea and the lens of your eye. People with vision issues have problems with
the cornea that impact this process.

With this type of laser vision correction, it is possible to ensure that you
have 20/20 vision or perhaps better. LASIK surgery is one of the most popular
types of laser eye surgery available on the market today. Particularly, for
those who want improved vision without a typical eye prescription or contact
lens solutions. Refractive eye surgery can improve many eye conditions as
well, and the laser vision correction procedure can be done in an outpatient
facility.

##  What Does LASIK Eye Surgery Involve?

There are various forms of laser refractive surgery. However, LASIK eye
surgery is the one that is more commonly known and frequently used. Indeed,
many articles on the subject of laser eye surgery will refer to LASIK surgery
for any type of laser solution.

###  Find a Good Eye Doctor Near You

First, you need to find an eye doctor to do the surgery (check our list for an
eye doctor near you  ). Read our blog article to learn about how to  find a
good eye doctor  for your needs. Once you have found one, on the day of the
treatment, it is recommended that you don’t use any ointments around your eye
including eye makeup. Before the lasik procedure is completed, your  eye
surgeon  will check for any  eye health issues  and ensure that you are a good
candidate for the surgery. They will also take your eye measurements. If there
is no problem with the overall health of your eye, then the surgery will move
forward.

In certain cases, you may need to take a mild sedative before the procedure on
the same day of the surgery. However, this isn’t always necessary.

An eyelid holder will be used to ensure that your eyes do not close during the
surgery, impacting the results. A suction ring may also be utilized to prevent
your eye from moving during treatment as well.

Once you are comfortable on the operating table, you will receive eye drops to
number your eyes. Once these eye drops are administered, the eye surgeon will
then use a laser programmed with your eye measurements to alter the curve of
your cornea. This is referred to as a femtosecond laser. Every time the device
pulses a tiny piece of your cornea will be removed. This can help to flatten
or steep the cornea’s surface, depending on the requirements. This surgery
will provide you with better vision or even perfect vision.

There are different processes that can be used to provide the desired results
here. For instance, an eye surgeon can create a corneal flap and then raise it
up to reshape the corneal tissue. Alternatively, other processes used involve
no corneal flap at all.

##  What Eye Issues Can Be Treated With LASIK Eye Surgery?

LASIK surgery can be used to treat a wide range of issues with vision and the
eyes in general. This includes refractive errors.

###  Distance Vision Issues

Do you have issues with your distance vision? This means that you will be
struggling to see details or distant objects that are far away such as a
license plate on a car while driving or a movie screen. It’s an example of
what eye doctors refer to as a refractive error. LASIK surgery can correct
vision issues such as this and ensure that you have clear vision, even when
looking further away.

###  Close Vision Issues

If you need  reading glasses  , then you likely have an issue with short-
sightedness. This is another example of a refractive error. This may mean that
you struggle to see details on a printed page or on a computer screen. LASIK
eye surgery can be used to correct close-up vision issues like this and ensure
that you can see details more clearly.

###  Correcting Vision Issues After Cataract Surgery

You may have recently had cataract surgery. In some cases, it’s possible for
this to change your vision prescription and many people want to return to
their normal vision. This is possible with LASIK eye surgery. It can be used
to correct changes to your cornea, allowing you to wear  glasses  or connect
lenses you were previously used to.

##  What To Expect After Lasik Eye Surgery?

Once this surgery has been completed, you will need a follow-up just 48 hours
after your surgery. During this time, the eye shield placed on your eyes after
treatment will be removed. It’s important not to remove this yourself.

Follow-up appointments will continue over the next few months to check the
healing process and ensure that there are no issues. Most patients will
typically arrange an appointment after one week and then three months later.

However, if you are experiencing issues with your eyes including vision
problems or light sensitivity, then you will need to book an appointment
sooner.

Some patients do experience minor problems when looking at bright lights.
Issues like this will tend to fade after a couple of weeks.

If you notice issues such as severe pain in your eye a few hours after
surgery, or later on, then it’s important to contact your eye doctor. While
very few people experience problems like this, it can be a concern in some
cases.

In the majority of cases, you will be able to return to your normal activities
after about 48 hours. However, you will need to limit your activity until your
eye heals fully. That’s why it’s important to get your eyes checked two days
after surgery.

##  Who is Not A Candidate For LASIK Eye Surgery?

While LASIK surgery can provide significant benefits, certain people will not
be suitable candidates and will need to use glasses or contact lenses to
correct their vision instead.

###  Anyone Under 18

The LASIK procedure is not recommended for anyone under the age of 18. The
reason for this is that their eyes are more likely to change dramatically.

###  Pregnant Or Nursing

If you are pregnant or nursing, then you may experience hormonal fluctuations.
It’s common for pregnant women to see changes to their vision and their eye
prescription. As such, anyone who is pregnant should wait at least three to
six months after they have finished weaning before exploring this treatment
option.

###  Individuals On Prescription Drugs

LASIK is also not recommended for anyone on prescription drugs. These can
interfere with LASIK results. That includes acne medication as well as those
using meds for dry eyes or any other eye disease.

###  Issues With Health

If you have issues with your health such as diabetes, rheumatoid arthritis, or
lupus, then you may not be a candidate for LASIK. Certain health issues can
impact the results of LASIK or mean that the eye doesn’t heal correctly.

###  Those With Dry Eye Syndrome

If you suffer from dry eye syndrome or have general problems with dry eye,
then you may also find that a medical professional will not recommend you for
eye surgery. The surgery can make issues with dry eyes worse. If you wear
glasses or reading glasses, it will impact your eyes far less than LASIK and
still deliver improvements to your vision overall.

###  Unstable Vision

You might have a problem with vision that is constantly changing and in flux.
This can be due to anything from health conditions such as diabetes to the
natural aging process. If you constantly need new prescriptions for your
contact lenses then you won’t be a good candidate for LASIK.

###  Unrealistic Expectations

It’s also important to have realistic expectations with LASIK. While this
treatment can provide significant benefits for nearsighted eye problems and
improve vision issues in general, there are no guarantees. Results can differ
depending on the patient.

##  Benefits Of LASIK Eye Surgery

There are numerous benefits of LASIK eye surgery if you are exploring this as
a possible treatment option.

###  Permanent Changes To Your Eye

LASKI will permanently change your eye. This should mean that you will never
need to wear contact lenses or require reading glasses again. The corneal
tissue is reshaped to ensure that light focuses on the retina in the right
way.

###  Quick And Easy

LASIK is completed as an outpatient procedure. This means that you don’t have
to worry about it taking a lot of time. Indeed, usually, this treatment will
take about 20 minutes. It also causes minimum discomfort. You might feel
pressure under your eyelid during the treatment but this will soon pass.

##  Issues With LASIK Treatment

While LASIK does provide significant benefits for people who want to improve
their vision, there are issues to be aware of.

###  Cost

It is worth noting that LASIK eye treatment is not cheap. In general, you
should expect LASIK to cost at least $1000 to $4000 for each eye. This is
going to be far more expensive, at least in the short term, compared to using
glasses or contact lenses.

###  Not Suitable For Everyone

While this treatment can be used to fix virtually every type of refractive
error, there’s no guarantee it will deliver the desired results. Furthermore,
as mentioned, LASIK treatment can not be provided to those with long-term eye
infections or issues with dry eyes.

###  Poor Results

It is possible for LASIK to deliver results far less than expected by the
patient. This can be the case if your eyes are under-corrected. That’s more
common for people who are nearsighted.

###  More Chance Of Ruptures

There’s also more chance of an eye rupture once the treatment is completed
because your cornea is thinner. However, this is still considered unlikely.

##  Benefits Of Eyeglasses

LASIK may improve your vision, but there are many situations where you may
still want to wear eyeglasses. First of all, many if not most LASIK surgeries
do not create "perfect" vision. You may still need some kind of eyeglass
lenses to make your vision perfect.

On the plus side, you may not need progressive lenses and all the potential
problems that come with progressives  . You will still need to decide between
sunglasses or photochromic lenses  if you have a correction need afterwards.
If you want blue light protection, you will still need  glasses  for that.
Just be aware that doctors have  not provided research that blue light
protection is beneficial  .

##  Other Types Of Laser Eye Surgery

There are other types of laser eye surgery that can be administered. These are
accepted by the American Refractive Surgery Council and the process used will
depend on the preferences of your eye doctor.

###  Photorefractive Keratectomy (PRK)

This type of surgery doesn’t require a flap on the cornea. Instead, the top
surface is removed. It’s worth noting that this can result in a little pain
and even blurred vision or other vision changes in the short term. However, it
is often recommended for those who are likely to be struck in the eye such as
people who play contact sports. However, even with LASIK eye surgery, there is
still a low likelihood of a rupture.

###  Laser-Assisted Subepithelial Kerectomy

Also referred to as LASEK eye surgery, this involves creating a flap on the
corona. However, this cornea flap is created using a special device that then
exposes the cornea to ethanol. It means that less of the cornea needs to be
removed. As such, it can be useful and beneficial to people who have thin
corneas.

###  Small-Incisions Lenticule Extraction

This type of surgery is referred to as SMILE treatment. It’s a newer type of
treatment that involves reshaping the cornea to create a lens-shaped tissue
below the cornea surface. When this has been used to reshape the cornea, it is
then carefully removed.

We hope this helps you understand everything that you need to know about LASIK
and whether this could be the right treatment for you to correct issues with
your vision. Ultimately, this can be used to correct all types of refractive
error. However, the results can differ from person to person. That’s why it’s
important to make sure that you don’t consult with an eye professional. They
will be able to advise you on whether this is going to be the right treatment
option and provide details about the results that you should expect from
LASIK.

  
  

* * *

  
Author of this article:  
  
**Mark Agnew**  
CEO of Eyeglasses.com, which he founded in 1999. For over twenty years, he has
educated consumers, improved their vision choices, and reduced costs in
eyewear. Mark authored  The Eyeglasses Buying  Guide  , the most comprehensive
and best-selling glasses buying guide in the world.  
** Bio  LinkedIn  Blog  Facebook  **

