

  * &lt; Back 
  * All Men 
  * Glasses 
  * Sunglasses 
  * Top Materials 

    *       * Plastic 
      * Metal 
      * Titanium 

  * Top Brands 

    *       * See All 400+ Brands 
      * Dolomiti Eyewear 
      * Oakley 
      * Ray Ban 
      * Gucci 
      * Versace 
      * Prada 
      * Tom Ford 
      * Burberry 
      * Silhouette 
      * Nike 
      * Dolce &amp; Gabbana 
      * Flexon 
      * Giorgio Armani 
      * Calvin Klein 
      * Persol 

  * Men's Shapes 

    *       * Aviator 
      * Oval 
      * Rectangular 
      * Round 

  * Men's Styles 

    *       * Designer 
      * Rimless 
      * Big 
      * Small 
      * Retro 

  * &lt; Back 
  * All Women 
  * Glasses 
  * Sunglasses 
  * Top Materials 

    *       * Plastic 
      * Metal 
      * Titanium 

  * Top Brands 

    *       * See All 400+ Brands 
      * Gucci 
      * Dolomiti Eyewear 
      * Versace 
      * Tom Ford 
      * Prada 
      * Tiffany 
      * Oakley 
      * Ray Ban 
      * Burberry 
      * Coach 
      * Michael Kors 
      * Silhouette 
      * Kate Spade 
      * Vogue 
      * Tory Burch 
      * Dolce &amp; Gabbana 
      * Giorgio Armani 
      * Jimmy Choo 
      * Guess 
      * Calvin Klein 
      * Vera Bradley 

  * Women's Shapes 

    *       * Oval 
      * Rectangular 
      * Round 
      * Cat Eye 

  * Women's Styles 

    *       * Designer 
      * Rimless 
      * Small 
      * Retro 

  * &lt; Back 
  * All Glasses 
  * Shop By Category 

    *       * Womens 
      * Mens 
      * Reading Glasses 
      * Round 
      * Most Popular 
      * In Stock 
      * Designer 
      * Presidential Collection 
      * Retro 
      * Vintage 
      * Rimless 
      * Titanium 
      * Celebrity 
      * Big 
      * Small 
      * Unique 
      * Flexible 
      * Top Brands 
      * Revue Boutique 
      * Prescription Eyeglasses 
      * Plastic 
      * Kids 
      * Made in USA 
      * Swarovski Crystals 
      * Asian Fit 
      * Computer Glasses 
      * Vision for the Homeless 
      * Sale 

  * Top Brands 

    *       * See All 400+ Brands 
      * Dolomiti Eyewear 
      * Dolomiti Vintage 
      * Gucci 
      * Versace 
      * Oakley 
      * Ray Ban 
      * Tom Ford 
      * Prada 
      * Burberry 
      * Silhouette 
      * Balenciaga 
      * Coach 
      * Michael Kors 
      * Nike 
      * Kate Spade 
      * Vogue 
      * Tory Burch 
      * Dolce &amp; Gabbana 
      * Flexon 
      * Tiffany 
      * Giorgio Armani 
      * Jimmy Choo 
      * Guess 
      * Calvin Klein 
      * Vera Bradley 
      * Persol 

  * Eyeglass Lenses 

    *       * How To Choose 
      * Lens Pricelist 
      * Our Lens Quality: Guaranteed 

  * Glasses Info 

    *       * How To Buy Online 
      * Consumer Guide 
      * Shop By Shape, Color, Size, etc 

  * &lt; Back 
  * Order Lenses 
  * Lens Pricelist 
  * Prescription Lenses 

    *       * Single Vision 
      * Progressive (No Line) 
      * Bifocal (With Line) 
      * Trifocal (With Lines) 
      * Reading Vision 
      * Computer Vision 
      * Eyezen 
      * Lens Options 
      * Lens Services 

  * Lens Materials 

    *       * CR-39 (regular plastic) 
      * High-Index 1.59 Polycarbonate 
      * Ultra Thin 1.67 &amp; 1.74 
      * Trivex (Best for rimless frames) 
      * Glass 
      * Oakley Plutonite Polycarbonate 

  * Replacement Lenses 

  * &lt; Back 
  * All Sunglasses 
  * Shop By Category 

    *       * In Stock 
      * Womens 
      * Mens 
      * Prescription 
      * Polarized 
      * Designer 
      * Round Sunglasses 
      * Most Popular 
      * Celebrity 
      * Top Brands 
      * Rimless 
      * Clip On Sunglasses 
      * Vintage 
      * Fishing 
      * Sport 
      * Golf 
      * Motorcycle 
      * Boating 
      * Flexible 
      * Kids 
      * Driving 
      * Swarovski Crystals 
      * Aviator Sunglasses 
      * Asian Fit 
      * Sale 

  * Top Brands 

    *       * See All 400+ Brands 
      * Oakley 
      * Prada 
      * Gucci 
      * Ray Ban 
      * Versace 
      * Dolomiti Vintage 
      * Tom Ford 
      * Burberry 
      * Maui Jim 
      * Persol 
      * Balenciaga 
      * Coach 
      * Tory Burch 
      * Revo 
      * Kate Spade 
      * Dolce &amp; Gabbana 
      * Tiffany 
      * Nike 
      * Wiley X 
      * Bolle 
      * Salvatore Ferragamo 
      * Giorgio Armani 
      * Vogue 

  * Sunglasses Lenses 

    *       * How To Choose 
      * Lens Pricelist 
      * Our Lens Quality: Guaranteed 

  * Sunglasses Info 

    *       * How To Buy Online 
      * Prescription Sunglasses 
      * Shop By Shape, Color, Size, etc 

  * &lt; Back 
  * All Reading Glasses 
  * Shop By Category 

    *       * Monocle 
      * Pince Nez 
      * Lorgnette 
      * Folding 
      * Half-Eye 

###  Eyewear Info

How To Buy Glasses Online  How to Buy FAQ  Consumer Guide

###  Eyeglass Frames

Adjusting  Blue Light Glasses  Cheap Eyeglasses  Cleaning  Computer Glasses
Flexible  Frame Shape  Frame Fit  Frame Materials  Frame Parts  Frame Quality
Frame Size  Frame Types  Glasses &amp; Face Shape  Kids Glasses  Prescription
Glasses  Prescription Sunglasses  Reading Glasses  Replace Your Broken
Eyeglasses  Rimless Frames  Smart Glasses  Try On Glasses

###  Prescription Lenses

Lenses FAQ  How to Choose  Anti-Reflective Coating  Bifocals  Contact Lenses
Crizal Avance  Crizal Prevencia  Crizal Sun  Eyeglass Lenses  High Index  Lens
Services  Lens Quality  Oakley  Progressive  Ray-Ban  Replacement Lenses
Segment Height Measurement  Transitions  UV Protection  Varilux

###  Your Eyes &amp; Prescription

Your Prescription  Pupil Distance  How to Submit Rx  Online Eye Exam  Eye
Health  Eye Test  LASIK Surgery  Cataracts  Vision Benefits - Employers
Vision Info Links  Vision Test  Vision Insurance  Vision Insurance - Aetna
Vision Insurance - Avesis  Vision Insurance - Block  Vision Insurance - Blue
Cross Blue Shield  Vision Insurance - Davis Vision  Vision Insurance - Eyemed
Vision Insurance - Flex Spending  Vision Insurance – Humana  Vision Insurance
- NewVision Benefits  Vision Insurance - Spectera  Vision Insurance - VSP

###  Company Info

About Us  Advanced Search  Affiliate Program  Careers  Company Info  Community
Service  Discount Glasses  Eyeglasses Recycling  Gift Certificates  Gift of
Vision  Management  Mission Statement  Money Back Guarantee  Newsletter  Price
Match  Return Policy  Optometrist – Westport  Optometrist – West Hartford
Order Tracking  Press  Privacy and Security  Shipping US  Shipping
International  Store Locator  Store - Westport  Store – West Hartford  Terms
of Use  Testimonials

#  Blue Light Glasses

Blue light glasses are  glasses  with lenses that are fitted with a filter
that can block or absorb some of the light which is everywhere. Some designs
additionally block  UV light  , similar to  sunglasses  . Once you have your
prescription, you can add a blue light blocking coating to your  prescription
lenses  to make glasses that block blue light. We always recommend  Crizal
Prevencia  , which blocks blue light, has an  anti-reflective coating  , a
super hard coating, and a two year anti-scratch warrantee. There is no finer
way to treat your eyes than Crizal Prevencia.

##  Do Blue Light Blocking Glasses Really Work?

Wearing blue light blocker glasses with these lenses can reduce – by a small
amount – the total amount of blue light that enters your eyes while you are
looking at digital screens – good and bad blue light. But, blue light is
natural and a necessary part of the light spectrum, and light blocking lenses
only filter a small amount of the blue light that is entering your eyes.
Doctors are not convinced, check out this article on  blue light glasses  to
learn more about them from a medical perspective.

##  What Are Blue Light Blockers?

Blue light filtering glasses have a blue light filter in the lenses, which
help to block some of the potentially harmful blue light from entering your
eyes. This feature is completely different and unrelated to anti glare
coating, dry eye, light sensitivity, tinted lenses, tunnel vision, vision
impaired profile, macular degeneration and other issues.

Blue light exposure occurs in every setting, indoors, outdoors, and in front
of a computer. When you use blue light readers or blue light computer glasses
as you are using a digital device, electronic devices, or looking at a digital
screen, some blue light comes to your eyes through the lenses and some comes
to your eyes from around the edges of the lenses. A blue light blocking lens
in a non prescription or prescription lens will block a portion of the blue
light getting to your eyes through the lenses; basically, the filter blocks a
portion of a portion of the blue light - in total, around 15-20% of the blue
light hitting your eyes. That is why the AOA and the Vision Council have not
confirmed blue light lenses as being more beneficial than clear lenses.

You will see tons of advertising promoting the benefits of blue light glasses
from companies like Look Optic and Felix Gray, but there is no medical
research or evidence to back their claims.

##  What Is Blue Light?

“Blue light” is everywhere, and it is a  general term  and refers to all the
light that falls in the range of 400-495nm. The “bad” light is only in the
400-430nm range. The “good” blue light is in the 430-490nm range and we need
that to stay healthy and to survive. Companies claim that we may get more blue
light that we need from television screens, laptops, mobile devices, and other
electronics on the market. The average American will spend up to half of their
waking lives (  42 percent  ) in front of screens.

Studies show that too much screen time can have a negative effect on the mind
but also impact your  eye health  . For example, adults who spend hours in
front of a computer screen to perform work-related tasks increase the  risk of
headaches  and migraines. However, recent claims by companies that sell blue
blocking lenses imply that this light is the leading cause of this and other
hazards to people’s eyes.

On a clear, sunny summer day, there’s no avoiding the bright blue sky. While
humans have evolved under light from the sun, it was common practice to avoid
looking directly into it to preserve eyesight. Nowadays there are new
technologies emitting various wavelengths of light and people are staring
directly into them for prolonged periods of time. The concern of excess blue
light comes from the long-term effects of screen exposure, the close proximity
of viewing, and the length of time in front of these screens.

###  What Is Blue Light? Where Does it Come From?

Blue light  emanates  primarily from the sun, and also from fluorescent
lights, Compact Fluorescent Light (CFL) bulbs, flat-screen LED TVs and
screens, LED Lights, computer monitors, smartphones, and tablet screens.

Right now, LEDs are becoming the most popular type of lighting on the market.
Chronic exposure to LED lights can have a photo-toxic effect on people’s eyes.
A  statement  from the Environmental and Occupational Health &amp; Safety report
says, “accelerate the aging of retinal tissue and contribute to a  decline in
visual acuity  and certain degenerative disease such as age-related macular
degeneration.”

While LED lights may have concerns due to blue light, it may be misleading to
believe that this is the same issue with computer screens and mobile devices.

###  Blue Light Impacts Sleep — Or Does It?

Good blue light is required to maintain optimal health. The body uses light to
regulate its circadian rhythm, the natural wake and  sleep  cycle. If you are
exposed to blue light during the day, this helps maintain a healthy circadian
rhythm. Too much exposure late at night, such as looking at your smartphone in
bed, can disrupt the sleep cycle and cause sleep problems or daytime
drowsiness.

Blue filter glasses do block the bad light, as well as the good bluelight. So
it is theoretically possible that blue-blocking lenses may help you; it is
equally possible that blocking blue light could hurt you. There is no research
either way. The main problem is not with the good or bad light, however, it is
with our overuse of these devices.

###  Can Blue Light Glasses Protect Your Eyes

For people with a sensitivity to blue light, having a pair of blue light
glasses may reduce any adverse effects on your eyes. However, any  claims
that blue blocking glasses for the computer can improve sleep, reduce
headaches, and prevent eye problems may be misleading due to a lack of
evidence to support it.

If you want to protect your eyes and avoid symptoms of eye strain, the best
advice would be to:

  * Reduce the amount of time spent in front of a screen; 
  * Take regular breaks (i.e., 20-20-20 rule: Take breaks every 20 minutes by looking at an object 20 meters away for 20 seconds); 
  * Wear the appropriate eyewear, especially for any  prescription glasses  . 

With all the hype in the media, blue light glasses for computer may just
provide a placebo effect. Or, perhaps more time is needed for research to
discover its benefits. Ultimately, getting a pair of blue light lenses comes
down to personal preference.

##  Computer Glasses

Computer glasses  (sometimes called "computer reading glasses" or "reading
glasses for computer use") have become a popular topic in the eyeglasses
world, due to some new companies that are promoting special coatings. To
understand what they are, we need to first understand the problems they are
trying to solve. The problems that computer glasses are designed to relieve
are  digital eye strain  , blurred vision, red eyes, dry eyes, and other
symptoms of  computer vision syndrome  . To relieve these symptoms, here are
three main benefits:

1) They are designed for a 20" to 26" distance from the computer. This is NOT
the "reading" distance of 10" to 14", nor the distance vision distance of over
36".

2) Blue light blocking lenses can cut down on harmful blue light.

3) Anti-reflective coating can cut down on glare from computers.

Anti-reflective coating  added to computer glasses helps to cut down on the
glare that enters your eyes from the computer screen, and any other light
sources that may be in the room. For example, if your computer room has many
windows, during the day it will be filled with ambient light bouncing around,
and no-glare glasses will help to reduce that light from entering your eyes.
Glare entering your eyes causes eye fatigue, and actually reduces visual
acuity because it blocks your eyes from seeing clearly.

##  Computer Vision Distance - Get It Right!

Computer glasses can only resolve vision problems if you have the right
prescription strength. No amount of coatings will help you if your eyewear is
not tuned to the vision correction needs of your eyes. If you pick a pair that
"seems" right to you from a drugstore, you are not going to solve the distance
problem, and you will continue to experience digital eye strain and its
effects. To do it right, this requires a visit to an  eye doctor near you  .
Your  eye doctor  can issue a prescription for near, intermediate, and
distance vision. You can then decide what types of prescription lenses you
need for your lifestyle.

For example, single vision lenses,  progressive lenses,  and  bifocal lenses
can all be used. Single vision lenses are the most common, and the new
computer glasses brands were developed this way, primarily as gaming glasses.
Gamer glasses are "off the shelf", meaning that they do not require a
prescription. Again, if you "self diagnose" the power of computer glasses for
yourself, you will not be solving your problems, and you may end up spending
more money in the end. Prescription computer glasses are a much more effective
way to handle digital eye strain, and computer vision syndrome.

###  Computer Vision Syndrome

For people who look at computer screens for an extended period of time, they
may suffer from Computer Vision Syndrome. The symptoms associated with this
syndrome include eyestrain, tired eyes, redness, irritation, blurred vision,
and double vision. To reduce these effects, it’s recommended to install proper
lighting, add anti-glare filters, or take regular breaks. More importantly,
reduce the amount of time you spend in front of a computer.

However, the amount of harmful light radiation coming from these devices has
not been linked to any kind of degenerative eye diseases. The National Library
of Medicine published a study that did not find any measurable  UVA or UVB
radiation  from monitors.

  
  

* * *

  
Author of this article:  
  
**Mark Agnew**  
CEO of Eyeglasses.com, which he founded in 1999. For over twenty years, he has
educated consumers, improved their vision choices, and reduced costs in
eyewear. Mark authored  The Eyeglasses Buying  Guide  , the most comprehensive
and best-selling glasses buying guide in the world.  
** Bio  LinkedIn  Blog  Facebook  **

