

  * &lt; Back 
  * All Men 
  * Glasses 
  * Sunglasses 
  * Top Materials 

    *       * Plastic 
      * Metal 
      * Titanium 

  * Top Brands 

    *       * See All 400+ Brands 
      * Dolomiti Eyewear 
      * Oakley 
      * Ray Ban 
      * Gucci 
      * Versace 
      * Prada 
      * Tom Ford 
      * Burberry 
      * Silhouette 
      * Nike 
      * Dolce &amp; Gabbana 
      * Flexon 
      * Giorgio Armani 
      * Calvin Klein 
      * Persol 

  * Men's Shapes 

    *       * Aviator 
      * Oval 
      * Rectangular 
      * Round 

  * Men's Styles 

    *       * Designer 
      * Rimless 
      * Big 
      * Small 
      * Retro 

  * &lt; Back 
  * All Women 
  * Glasses 
  * Sunglasses 
  * Top Materials 

    *       * Plastic 
      * Metal 
      * Titanium 

  * Top Brands 

    *       * See All 400+ Brands 
      * Gucci 
      * Dolomiti Eyewear 
      * Versace 
      * Tom Ford 
      * Prada 
      * Tiffany 
      * Oakley 
      * Ray Ban 
      * Burberry 
      * Coach 
      * Michael Kors 
      * Silhouette 
      * Kate Spade 
      * Vogue 
      * Tory Burch 
      * Dolce &amp; Gabbana 
      * Giorgio Armani 
      * Jimmy Choo 
      * Guess 
      * Calvin Klein 
      * Vera Bradley 

  * Women's Shapes 

    *       * Oval 
      * Rectangular 
      * Round 
      * Cat Eye 

  * Women's Styles 

    *       * Designer 
      * Rimless 
      * Small 
      * Retro 

  * &lt; Back 
  * All Glasses 
  * Shop By Category 

    *       * Womens 
      * Mens 
      * Reading Glasses 
      * Round 
      * Most Popular 
      * In Stock 
      * Designer 
      * Presidential Collection 
      * Retro 
      * Vintage 
      * Rimless 
      * Titanium 
      * Celebrity 
      * Big 
      * Small 
      * Unique 
      * Flexible 
      * Top Brands 
      * Revue Boutique 
      * Prescription Eyeglasses 
      * Plastic 
      * Kids 
      * Made in USA 
      * Swarovski Crystals 
      * Asian Fit 
      * Computer Glasses 
      * Vision for the Homeless 
      * Sale 

  * Top Brands 

    *       * See All 400+ Brands 
      * Dolomiti Eyewear 
      * Dolomiti Vintage 
      * Gucci 
      * Versace 
      * Oakley 
      * Ray Ban 
      * Tom Ford 
      * Prada 
      * Burberry 
      * Silhouette 
      * Balenciaga 
      * Coach 
      * Michael Kors 
      * Nike 
      * Kate Spade 
      * Vogue 
      * Tory Burch 
      * Dolce &amp; Gabbana 
      * Flexon 
      * Tiffany 
      * Giorgio Armani 
      * Jimmy Choo 
      * Guess 
      * Calvin Klein 
      * Vera Bradley 
      * Persol 

  * Eyeglass Lenses 

    *       * How To Choose 
      * Lens Pricelist 
      * Our Lens Quality: Guaranteed 

  * Glasses Info 

    *       * How To Buy Online 
      * Consumer Guide 
      * Shop By Shape, Color, Size, etc 

  * &lt; Back 
  * Order Lenses 
  * Lens Pricelist 
  * Prescription Lenses 

    *       * Single Vision 
      * Progressive (No Line) 
      * Bifocal (With Line) 
      * Trifocal (With Lines) 
      * Reading Vision 
      * Computer Vision 
      * Eyezen 
      * Lens Options 
      * Lens Services 

  * Lens Materials 

    *       * CR-39 (regular plastic) 
      * High-Index 1.59 Polycarbonate 
      * Ultra Thin 1.67 &amp; 1.74 
      * Trivex (Best for rimless frames) 
      * Glass 
      * Oakley Plutonite Polycarbonate 

  * Replacement Lenses 

  * &lt; Back 
  * All Sunglasses 
  * Shop By Category 

    *       * In Stock 
      * Womens 
      * Mens 
      * Prescription 
      * Polarized 
      * Designer 
      * Round Sunglasses 
      * Most Popular 
      * Celebrity 
      * Top Brands 
      * Rimless 
      * Clip On Sunglasses 
      * Vintage 
      * Fishing 
      * Sport 
      * Golf 
      * Motorcycle 
      * Boating 
      * Flexible 
      * Kids 
      * Driving 
      * Swarovski Crystals 
      * Aviator Sunglasses 
      * Asian Fit 
      * Sale 

  * Top Brands 

    *       * See All 400+ Brands 
      * Oakley 
      * Prada 
      * Gucci 
      * Ray Ban 
      * Versace 
      * Dolomiti Vintage 
      * Tom Ford 
      * Burberry 
      * Maui Jim 
      * Persol 
      * Balenciaga 
      * Coach 
      * Tory Burch 
      * Revo 
      * Kate Spade 
      * Dolce &amp; Gabbana 
      * Tiffany 
      * Nike 
      * Wiley X 
      * Bolle 
      * Salvatore Ferragamo 
      * Giorgio Armani 
      * Vogue 

  * Sunglasses Lenses 

    *       * How To Choose 
      * Lens Pricelist 
      * Our Lens Quality: Guaranteed 

  * Sunglasses Info 

    *       * How To Buy Online 
      * Prescription Sunglasses 
      * Shop By Shape, Color, Size, etc 

  * &lt; Back 
  * All Reading Glasses 
  * Shop By Category 

    *       * Monocle 
      * Pince Nez 
      * Lorgnette 
      * Folding 
      * Half-Eye 

###  Eyewear Info

How To Buy Glasses Online  How to Buy FAQ  Consumer Guide

###  Eyeglass Frames

Adjusting  Blue Light Glasses  Cheap Eyeglasses  Cleaning  Computer Glasses
Flexible  Frame Shape  Frame Fit  Frame Materials  Frame Parts  Frame Quality
Frame Size  Frame Types  Glasses &amp; Face Shape  Kids Glasses  Prescription
Glasses  Prescription Sunglasses  Reading Glasses  Replace Your Broken
Eyeglasses  Rimless Frames  Smart Glasses  Try On Glasses

###  Prescription Lenses

Lenses FAQ  How to Choose  Anti-Reflective Coating  Bifocals  Contact Lenses
Crizal Avance  Crizal Prevencia  Crizal Sun  Eyeglass Lenses  High Index  Lens
Services  Lens Quality  Oakley  Progressive  Ray-Ban  Replacement Lenses
Segment Height Measurement  Transitions  UV Protection  Varilux

###  Your Eyes &amp; Prescription

Your Prescription  Pupil Distance  How to Submit Rx  Online Eye Exam  Eye
Health  Eye Test  LASIK Surgery  Cataracts  Vision Benefits - Employers
Vision Info Links  Vision Test  Vision Insurance  Vision Insurance - Aetna
Vision Insurance - Avesis  Vision Insurance - Block  Vision Insurance - Blue
Cross Blue Shield  Vision Insurance - Davis Vision  Vision Insurance - Eyemed
Vision Insurance - Flex Spending  Vision Insurance – Humana  Vision Insurance
- NewVision Benefits  Vision Insurance - Spectera  Vision Insurance - VSP

###  Company Info

About Us  Advanced Search  Affiliate Program  Careers  Company Info  Community
Service  Discount Glasses  Eyeglasses Recycling  Gift Certificates  Gift of
Vision  Management  Mission Statement  Money Back Guarantee  Newsletter  Price
Match  Return Policy  Optometrist – Westport  Optometrist – West Hartford
Order Tracking  Press  Privacy and Security  Shipping US  Shipping
International  Store Locator  Store - Westport  Store – West Hartford  Terms
of Use  Testimonials

#  How To Adjust Glasses

Adjusting glasses can be a great way to save time and money, and fit your
eyeglasses  without the need for a visit to the eye doctor. But, to adjust
glasses to the proper fit and not ruin them, you need to be very careful. Most
glasses do not “need” an adjustment to fit; but in some cases an adjustment is
helpful or can make the glasses more comfortable. If you think that you could
benefit  from a glasses fit adjustment, then you need to learn how to do it
without causing problems or even ruining your glasses.

##  ** How To Adjust Glasses At Home  **

Adjust glasses at  home  , but do it carefully! It requires care and patience,
and we caution that you must be extremely careful. Eyeglass frames have temple
arms, temple corners, nose-bridge and nose-pads and they are all designed for
adjustment. Glasses are designed to be adjusted (bent) to fit if necessary, to
accommodate most any facial structure. When you ask a local optical
professional to adjust glasses for you, it is called a fitting. In most cases
you will not need to _fit_ eyeglasses, but if you do, you can take them to a
local optical store for a fitting. Most opticians will fit-adjust glasses for
free.

The adjustable parts of eyeglasses are small and thin. If you adjust glasses
in the wrong way, you can damage the eyeglasses and the manufacturer or
retailer will not replace them. If you adjust your eyeglasses too often, the
metal may fatigue and/ or break.

##  **How To Make Your Glasses Tighter**

If you have bought eyeglasses online, before you begin your eyeglasses fit
adjustment, be sure you know exactly what it is you want to accomplish. The
two most common goals are to tighten frames while keeping the optical center
of the lens directly in front of your pupils, and to make wearing the glasses
feel more comfortable on your face. There are two basic types of frame
materials, memory plastic frames and wire frames.

###  How To Make Plastic Frames Tighter

Tightening plastic frames is normal because the plastic is designed to be
adjustable, and over time the heat of your face will cause the shape of the
plastic to change. Most plastic frames can be tightened at the temple arm, the
part that goes over your ears. Get a hair dryer, or use hot water, and warm up
the temple arm, and when it is warm, gently bend the temple arm closer to your
head. Then work on the other side. Only make small adjustments; if you bend it
too far it could break. With a small adjustment, you can always adjust it
again.

This will fix your frame most of the time. But once in a while you may want to
take it to your optician or eye doctor for a fit touch up. Finding the most
comfortable pressure on the sides of your head and against your ear is a
personal decision, and may take some time.

###  How to Make Metal Frames Tighter

Tightening metal frames is similar to tightening plastic frames, but it does
not require heating with hot water or a hair dryer. However, if your frame is
made of titanium, it may not be possible to tighten the frame at the temple
arms. Most metal frames can be tightened at the temple arms, the parts that go
over your ears. Gently bend the temple in closer to your head. Then work on
the other side. Only make small adjustments; if you bend it too far it could
break. With a small adjustment, you can always adjust it again.

##  **How To Keep Glasses From Sliding Down Your Nose**

Glasses often slide down the nose bridge for various reasons. Facial oil on
the nose is the main culprit. The best way to prevent glasses from sliding
down your nose is to bend the back of the temples tighter around your ears.
Read the section above to learn how to tighten plastic frames or metal frames.
You can also make a **very** slight adjustment of the pad arm, the small metal
bits that hold the nose pad. But be extremely careful, because even a small
adjustment of the nose pads will change the fit dramatically.

Either way, it is important to make sure that the optical center of the
glasses lenses remains directly in front of your eyes. To do that, first stand
in front of a mirror and look straight ahead, neither up nor down. Put on your
eyeglasses and position the center of the lenses directly in front of your
eyes. Be sure to look straight ahead when you do this. This shows you the
place on your nose that you want the glasses frames on your face. Now, you
need to adjust your eyeglasses frame so that it will always be correctly
positioned.

##  **My Frame Has Nose Pads**

You can adjust the nose pads so that they keep the glasses frame in the right
place. Widening the nose pads drops the glasses lower down on your nose.
Bringing the nose pads closer together raises the glasses up on your nose.
Nose pads are attached to nose pad arms, which are welded to the eyeglasses
frame. You should make only tiny fit adjustments to the nose pad arms. If you
make large adjustments, or frequent adjustments, the arms will break or the
weld to the glasses frame will break.

##  **My Frame Does Not Have Nosepads**

If your glasses frame does not have nose pads, you only need to adjust the
temple tips in order to accomplish your goal. The nose piece on plastic frames
is designed to fit most nose bridges.

##  **Lenscrafters Adjusts Glasses For Free**

Lenscrafters  advertises that they will adjust your glasses for free.

  
  

* * *

  
Author of this article:  
  
**Mark Agnew**  
CEO of Eyeglasses.com, which he founded in 1999. For over twenty years, he has
educated consumers, improved their vision choices, and reduced costs in
eyewear. Mark authored  The Eyeglasses Buying  Guide  , the most comprehensive
and best-selling glasses buying guide in the world.  
** Bio  LinkedIn  Blog  Facebook  **

