

  * &lt; Back 
  * All Men 
  * Glasses 
  * Sunglasses 
  * Top Materials 

    *       * Plastic 
      * Metal 
      * Titanium 

  * Top Brands 

    *       * See All 400+ Brands 
      * Dolomiti Eyewear 
      * Oakley 
      * Ray Ban 
      * Gucci 
      * Versace 
      * Prada 
      * Tom Ford 
      * Burberry 
      * Silhouette 
      * Nike 
      * Dolce &amp; Gabbana 
      * Flexon 
      * Giorgio Armani 
      * Calvin Klein 
      * Persol 

  * Men's Shapes 

    *       * Aviator 
      * Oval 
      * Rectangular 
      * Round 

  * Men's Styles 

    *       * Designer 
      * Rimless 
      * Big 
      * Small 
      * Retro 

  * &lt; Back 
  * All Women 
  * Glasses 
  * Sunglasses 
  * Top Materials 

    *       * Plastic 
      * Metal 
      * Titanium 

  * Top Brands 

    *       * See All 400+ Brands 
      * Gucci 
      * Dolomiti Eyewear 
      * Versace 
      * Tom Ford 
      * Prada 
      * Tiffany 
      * Oakley 
      * Ray Ban 
      * Burberry 
      * Coach 
      * Michael Kors 
      * Silhouette 
      * Kate Spade 
      * Vogue 
      * Tory Burch 
      * Dolce &amp; Gabbana 
      * Giorgio Armani 
      * Jimmy Choo 
      * Guess 
      * Calvin Klein 
      * Vera Bradley 

  * Women's Shapes 

    *       * Oval 
      * Rectangular 
      * Round 
      * Cat Eye 

  * Women's Styles 

    *       * Designer 
      * Rimless 
      * Small 
      * Retro 

  * &lt; Back 
  * All Glasses 
  * Shop By Category 

    *       * Womens 
      * Mens 
      * Reading Glasses 
      * Round 
      * Most Popular 
      * In Stock 
      * Designer 
      * Presidential Collection 
      * Retro 
      * Vintage 
      * Rimless 
      * Titanium 
      * Celebrity 
      * Big 
      * Small 
      * Unique 
      * Flexible 
      * Top Brands 
      * Revue Boutique 
      * Prescription Eyeglasses 
      * Plastic 
      * Kids 
      * Made in USA 
      * Swarovski Crystals 
      * Asian Fit 
      * Computer Glasses 
      * Vision for the Homeless 
      * Sale 

  * Top Brands 

    *       * See All 400+ Brands 
      * Dolomiti Eyewear 
      * Dolomiti Vintage 
      * Gucci 
      * Versace 
      * Oakley 
      * Ray Ban 
      * Tom Ford 
      * Prada 
      * Burberry 
      * Silhouette 
      * Balenciaga 
      * Coach 
      * Michael Kors 
      * Nike 
      * Kate Spade 
      * Vogue 
      * Tory Burch 
      * Dolce &amp; Gabbana 
      * Flexon 
      * Tiffany 
      * Giorgio Armani 
      * Jimmy Choo 
      * Guess 
      * Calvin Klein 
      * Vera Bradley 
      * Persol 

  * Eyeglass Lenses 

    *       * How To Choose 
      * Lens Pricelist 
      * Our Lens Quality: Guaranteed 

  * Glasses Info 

    *       * How To Buy Online 
      * Consumer Guide 
      * Shop By Shape, Color, Size, etc 

  * &lt; Back 
  * Order Lenses 
  * Lens Pricelist 
  * Prescription Lenses 

    *       * Single Vision 
      * Progressive (No Line) 
      * Bifocal (With Line) 
      * Trifocal (With Lines) 
      * Reading Vision 
      * Computer Vision 
      * Eyezen 
      * Lens Options 
      * Lens Services 

  * Lens Materials 

    *       * CR-39 (regular plastic) 
      * High-Index 1.59 Polycarbonate 
      * Ultra Thin 1.67 &amp; 1.74 
      * Trivex (Best for rimless frames) 
      * Glass 
      * Oakley Plutonite Polycarbonate 

  * Replacement Lenses 

  * &lt; Back 
  * All Sunglasses 
  * Shop By Category 

    *       * In Stock 
      * Womens 
      * Mens 
      * Prescription 
      * Polarized 
      * Designer 
      * Round Sunglasses 
      * Most Popular 
      * Celebrity 
      * Top Brands 
      * Rimless 
      * Clip On Sunglasses 
      * Vintage 
      * Fishing 
      * Sport 
      * Golf 
      * Motorcycle 
      * Boating 
      * Flexible 
      * Kids 
      * Driving 
      * Swarovski Crystals 
      * Aviator Sunglasses 
      * Asian Fit 
      * Sale 

  * Top Brands 

    *       * See All 400+ Brands 
      * Oakley 
      * Prada 
      * Gucci 
      * Ray Ban 
      * Versace 
      * Dolomiti Vintage 
      * Tom Ford 
      * Burberry 
      * Maui Jim 
      * Persol 
      * Balenciaga 
      * Coach 
      * Tory Burch 
      * Revo 
      * Kate Spade 
      * Dolce &amp; Gabbana 
      * Tiffany 
      * Nike 
      * Wiley X 
      * Bolle 
      * Salvatore Ferragamo 
      * Giorgio Armani 
      * Vogue 

  * Sunglasses Lenses 

    *       * How To Choose 
      * Lens Pricelist 
      * Our Lens Quality: Guaranteed 

  * Sunglasses Info 

    *       * How To Buy Online 
      * Prescription Sunglasses 
      * Shop By Shape, Color, Size, etc 

  * &lt; Back 
  * All Reading Glasses 
  * Shop By Category 

    *       * Monocle 
      * Pince Nez 
      * Lorgnette 
      * Folding 
      * Half-Eye 

###  Eyewear Info

How To Buy Glasses Online  How to Buy FAQ  Consumer Guide

###  Eyeglass Frames

Adjusting  Blue Light Glasses  Cheap Eyeglasses  Cleaning  Computer Glasses
Flexible  Frame Shape  Frame Fit  Frame Materials  Frame Parts  Frame Quality
Frame Size  Frame Types  Glasses &amp; Face Shape  Kids Glasses  Prescription
Glasses  Prescription Sunglasses  Reading Glasses  Replace Your Broken
Eyeglasses  Rimless Frames  Smart Glasses  Try On Glasses

###  Prescription Lenses

Lenses FAQ  How to Choose  Anti-Reflective Coating  Bifocals  Contact Lenses
Crizal Avance  Crizal Prevencia  Crizal Sun  Eyeglass Lenses  High Index  Lens
Services  Lens Quality  Oakley  Progressive  Ray-Ban  Replacement Lenses
Segment Height Measurement  Transitions  UV Protection  Varilux

###  Your Eyes &amp; Prescription

Your Prescription  Pupil Distance  How to Submit Rx  Online Eye Exam  Eye
Health  Eye Test  LASIK Surgery  Cataracts  Vision Benefits - Employers
Vision Info Links  Vision Test  Vision Insurance  Vision Insurance - Aetna
Vision Insurance - Avesis  Vision Insurance - Block  Vision Insurance - Blue
Cross Blue Shield  Vision Insurance - Davis Vision  Vision Insurance - Eyemed
Vision Insurance - Flex Spending  Vision Insurance – Humana  Vision Insurance
- NewVision Benefits  Vision Insurance - Spectera  Vision Insurance - VSP

###  Company Info

About Us  Advanced Search  Affiliate Program  Careers  Company Info  Community
Service  Discount Glasses  Eyeglasses Recycling  Gift Certificates  Gift of
Vision  Management  Mission Statement  Money Back Guarantee  Newsletter  Price
Match  Return Policy  Optometrist – Westport  Optometrist – West Hartford
Order Tracking  Press  Privacy and Security  Shipping US  Shipping
International  Store Locator  Store - Westport  Store – West Hartford  Terms
of Use  Testimonials

#  Bifocals

If you find yourself constantly holding objects at arm's length to see them
properly, you might be a candidate for bifocals. Bifocal lenses have two lens
sections (hence the "bi" in their name). The first is for distance vision
correction (your normal prescription) while the second is for reading or
looking at close-up objects, such as a computer screen, up close. Usually,
vendors dedicate most of the area of a bifocal lens to distance vision with a
smaller section on the bottom half with additional lens power. However, this
depends on the _type_ of spectacles you buy. On traditional lenses, the high-
power segment can take up the entire bottom half!

Bifocals tend to be popular among people with aging eyes. Having two lens
powers makes it easy to shift between looking at objects at a distance and
studying them up close. As such, you can eliminate the need for multiple
prescriptions, potentially saving you money.

##  **What Is A Bifocal Lens?**

A  bifocal lens  is a lens that has two sections: a general-purpose area for
standard long-distance vision and a smaller section, usually semi-circular,
for reading and other close-up activities. Unlike progressives, bifocal
glasses do not transition continuously between lens powers and have visible
lines on the lens power boundary.

Bifocals have been around for nearly two centuries now and, in that time,
manufacturing methods have improved significantly. Today's bifocal reading
glasses are almost as attractive as those with progressive lenses.

There are several types of bifocal glasses available. These vary in appearance
but not function.

Half-moon lenses have a D-shaped segment in the bottom half of the lens
offering more power. Therefore, when users look down, they get extra
magnification.

Round-segment lenses are similar however, this time, the higher-power area is
circular, not semicircular.

Ribbon segment lenses are regular lenses in the top half and then have a
narrow rectangular area at the bottom. These have a classic design that
emerged in the second half of the 20th century.

Lastly, there are executive versions, sometimes called Benjamin Franklin
bifocals after the founding father generally credited with inventing the
concept. These feature enhanced power in the entire lower portion of the lens.

Essentially, all these bifocals work in the same way. However, you may prefer
one style over another, particularly if you do a lot of reading.

##  **How Are Bifocals Lenses Different From Progressive Lenses, Trifocal
Lenses, And Multifocal Lenses?**

Bifocals have two lenses: one for general vision, and one for near-vision
correction. Progressive lenses, however, do not have any discrete sections at
all. Instead, lens power varies continuously across their surface.

Trifocal and multifocal lenses are different again. Unlike progressive lenses,
these do not vary lens powers continuously. However, unlike bifocals, they
have three or more sections, the third being for intermediate vision
correction.

Which you choose depends very much on your preferences. Many people choose
bifocals because they are used to them. However, if you have focusing problems
with objects a few feet away, you may want lenses with an intermediate segment
for this purpose.

Traditional bifocal lenses look different from progressive lenses. That's
because they have a visible line across their surface, separating the lens.
Some people prefer this arrangement because it makes it easier to know where
to direct their gaze for different activities. However, others dislike it
because it distracts them from other objects in their field of vision.

At  Eyeglasses.com  , we offer a range of polycarbonate, ultra-thin, and glass
bifocal lenses with almost imperceptible boundaries between the two viewing
areas. Because of this, these look similar, if not identical, to progressive
lenses. For all of these lenses, it is important to focus through the correct
part of the lens for the object you want to see, because focusing problems
will occur if you are trying to focus through the wrong part of the lens.

##  **Who Is A Good Candidate For Bifocal Lenses?**

There are several types of people who are good candidates for a pair of
bifocals.

The first are people with presbyopia. Presbyopia is an age-related condition
where the eye begins to change and lose its function. After the age of 40, the
lens stiffens and hardens, losing its ability to shift focus between distant
objects and those nearby. Over time, patients notice that reading material
looks blurry, causing them to hold it at a distance or squint.

Second, those who already have a distance vision prescription can also benefit
from bifocals significantly. Your eye doctor may recommend that you switch
from your regular spectacles to bifocal glasses if you are having trouble
seeing books or your phone clearly.

With that said, bifocals are not suitable for everyone. Those with significant
intermediate vision requirements, for instance, may need trifocal lenses,
particularly those who work at a computer screen or drive a vehicle and
struggle to see objects between two and ten feet away.

You may also be a good candidate for wearing bifocals if:

  * You who want the convenience of being able to see near and far objects through one lens 

  * You suffer from eye strain because you work at a computer screen 

  * You prefer using bifocal reading glasses because that is what you used in the past 

  * You notice that you are struggling with clear vision when reading up close 

  * You want eyeglasses that are for computer use 

At  EyeGlasses.com  , we sell a range of trifocal and progressive lenses. In
some cases, these may be better options. Our team can advise you on the best
type of glasses to choose depending on your preferences, lifestyle, and vision
needs.

##  **What Are The Advantages Of Bifocal Reading Glasses?**

Bifocal reading glasses offer a host of benefits compared to a standard
prescription. These include:

  * **A distinct line separating the powers.** Bifocal glasses make it easy to see which part of the glasses you should be looking through for greater clarity. On progressive lenses, this is not so obvious and you may have to spend several weeks, or even months, adjusting to them. 

  * **A wide lens area for close-up work.** Bifocal glasses provide more real estate than other options for near-vision tasks. The magnification zone takes up more of your visual field, reducing the need to keep your neck and body in the same position all the time. 

  * **More affordable than progressive lenses** . A single bifocal lens is also significantly cheaper to manufacture than a complex progressive one. Hence, the overall price of these glasses is significantly lower. Doctors often make the case that progressive lenses are the best value for money because they eliminate the need for separate prescriptions. But if your middle-distance vision is okay, then bifocal glasses are also a money-saver. 

  * **Anti-reflective.** Glasses can sometimes generate annoying glare that makes it difficult to see in direct sunlight or when standing underneath particularly bright LEDs. However, some bi- and trifocals come with anti-glare coatings that let you see clearly, no matter how bright it gets outside. 

  * **Easy to adjust.** Lastly, you may want to consider bifocal glasses because they are easier to adjust to if you are moving from single-vision spectacles. It can take people up to a month to adjust to progressive lenses because of the way the power varies across their surface. However, with bifocal glasses, you can use them straight away because they have distinct zones that mimic both regular and reading glasses. Furthermore, the risk of peripheral visual distortion is lower. 

##  **Are There Any Downsides To Bifocal Glasses?**

Here are some potential downsides of bifocals you may want to consider:

  * **You may still need to adjust.** While adjusting to bifocal glasses is easier than progressives, it can still take time to get used to them. You have to train both your head and eye muscles to adjust your vision to the right angle, depending on your situation. Eventually, your body will adapt, but it could be a steep learning curve for some people at the start. 

  * **Visual distortions.** You may also notice various visual distortions when using bifocal reading glasses, particularly in situations where you need to look down at your feet. For instance, you may struggle when climbing the stairs because of the additional magnification when looking downwards. 

  * **Lines.** Lastly, the lines on the lens may distract you. Most eyeglasses don't have any lines on them at all (unless they are heavily scratched). But with bifocals, it's a product feature. The good news is that your brain will eventually adjust. 

Here at  Eyeglasses.com  , we supply a range of bifocal glasses with seamless
transitions between them. These have an improved aesthetic compared to
traditional designs.

Please note that some people may benefit from trifocal or progressive lenses
more than bifocal glasses. We can consult with you about which option would be
best and why so always talk to us first.

##  **How To Use Bifocal Glasses**

If you've never used spectacles with two lens regions before, it can take a
bit of getting used to. However, with some practice, you can feel right at
home with them in just a few days. Here's how to adjust quickly:

###  **Make Sure You Have To Right Prescription For Distance Vision And Near
Vision**

Before getting bifocals, make sure that you are on the right prescription for
both distance vision and near vision. Optometrists will have to build both
types into the lens in advance to make something just for you. Don't rely on
an old prescription as your site may have changed significantly since then.

###  **Rotate Your Head In The Direction You Want To Look**

Many people struggle with bifocals because they prefer to move their eyes to
look at objects in their environment rather than their heads. If you can, try
to avoid this tendency. That's because if you rely on eye movements, you will
occasionally look down through the high-powered section at distant objects,
distorting your vision (such as when walking downstairs).

###  **Wear Them All The Time**

Lastly, make sure that you wear your bifocal glasses as much as possible. The
more time you spend with them, the more natural they will feel. Most people
can get the hang of them within a couple of weeks if they practice regularly.
You may find that you can adapt faster if you use the computer more often or
do additional reading. Eventually, your brain will filter out any boundary
lines between lens powers and they will feel perfectly natural.

##  **The History Of Bifocal Lenses**

Bifocal glasses have a rich and interesting history. Their story begins with
founding father Benjamin Franklin, widely credited as the inventor of the
original concept in the 1780s. Franklin wanted glasses that would let him
study literature as he got older without having to change his spectacles every
five minutes. His original design, though, was pretty basic. He simply stuck
two different lenses together: one for the top half and one for the bottom.

Later, in the 19th century, French eye doctor Louis de Wecker developed a
technique for fusing both upper and lower sections. In doing this, he was able
to improve quality and reduce the likelihood of breakage.

Modern bi-focal glasses are significantly more sophisticated than these early
versions. Manufacturing technology has moved on significantly. Today,
manufacturers build several lens sections for multifocal lenses.

With that said, there is still a great deal of tradition in the industry.
Modern designs often use the same formats as glasses from decades ago, mainly
because of consumer preferences. People like their glasses, and they want to
stick with them.

##  **Get Bifocal Spectacles From** **EyeGlasses.com** **Today**

If you're tired of frequently switching between glasses for regular use,
reading, and the computer, you might want to consider bifocal spectacles. Once
you get used to them, they make your life significantly more convenient,
eliminating the need to carry multiple glasses around with you all the time.

At  EyeGlasses.com  , we stock the latest bifocal lenses offering the most
advanced technology, all on one frame. Unlike lenses of the past, ours feature
seamless, almost imperceptible transitions between different zones. Check out
our lens materials, colors, and anti-glare finishes to find a product that's
perfect for you. We stock an enormous selection of compatible frames that vary
in shape, rim, size, and color. Find the perfect pair with us.

  
  

* * *

  
Author of this article:  
  
**Mark Agnew**  
CEO of Eyeglasses.com, which he founded in 1999. For over twenty years, he has
educated consumers, improved their vision choices, and reduced costs in
eyewear. Mark authored  The Eyeglasses Buying  Guide  , the most comprehensive
and best-selling glasses buying guide in the world.  
** Bio  LinkedIn  Blog  Facebook  **

