

  * &lt; Back 
  * All Men 
  * Glasses 
  * Sunglasses 
  * Top Materials 

    *       * Plastic 
      * Metal 
      * Titanium 

  * Top Brands 

    *       * See All 400+ Brands 
      * Dolomiti Eyewear 
      * Oakley 
      * Ray Ban 
      * Gucci 
      * Versace 
      * Prada 
      * Tom Ford 
      * Burberry 
      * Silhouette 
      * Nike 
      * Dolce &amp; Gabbana 
      * Flexon 
      * Giorgio Armani 
      * Calvin Klein 
      * Persol 

  * Men's Shapes 

    *       * Aviator 
      * Oval 
      * Rectangular 
      * Round 

  * Men's Styles 

    *       * Designer 
      * Rimless 
      * Big 
      * Small 
      * Retro 

  * &lt; Back 
  * All Women 
  * Glasses 
  * Sunglasses 
  * Top Materials 

    *       * Plastic 
      * Metal 
      * Titanium 

  * Top Brands 

    *       * See All 400+ Brands 
      * Gucci 
      * Dolomiti Eyewear 
      * Versace 
      * Tom Ford 
      * Prada 
      * Tiffany 
      * Oakley 
      * Ray Ban 
      * Burberry 
      * Coach 
      * Michael Kors 
      * Silhouette 
      * Kate Spade 
      * Vogue 
      * Tory Burch 
      * Dolce &amp; Gabbana 
      * Giorgio Armani 
      * Jimmy Choo 
      * Guess 
      * Calvin Klein 
      * Vera Bradley 

  * Women's Shapes 

    *       * Oval 
      * Rectangular 
      * Round 
      * Cat Eye 

  * Women's Styles 

    *       * Designer 
      * Rimless 
      * Small 
      * Retro 

  * &lt; Back 
  * All Glasses 
  * Shop By Category 

    *       * Womens 
      * Mens 
      * Reading Glasses 
      * Round 
      * Most Popular 
      * In Stock 
      * Designer 
      * Presidential Collection 
      * Retro 
      * Vintage 
      * Rimless 
      * Titanium 
      * Celebrity 
      * Big 
      * Small 
      * Unique 
      * Flexible 
      * Top Brands 
      * Revue Boutique 
      * Prescription Eyeglasses 
      * Plastic 
      * Kids 
      * Made in USA 
      * Swarovski Crystals 
      * Asian Fit 
      * Computer Glasses 
      * Vision for the Homeless 
      * Sale 

  * Top Brands 

    *       * See All 400+ Brands 
      * Dolomiti Eyewear 
      * Dolomiti Vintage 
      * Gucci 
      * Versace 
      * Oakley 
      * Ray Ban 
      * Tom Ford 
      * Prada 
      * Burberry 
      * Silhouette 
      * Balenciaga 
      * Coach 
      * Michael Kors 
      * Nike 
      * Kate Spade 
      * Vogue 
      * Tory Burch 
      * Dolce &amp; Gabbana 
      * Flexon 
      * Tiffany 
      * Giorgio Armani 
      * Jimmy Choo 
      * Guess 
      * Calvin Klein 
      * Vera Bradley 
      * Persol 

  * Eyeglass Lenses 

    *       * How To Choose 
      * Lens Pricelist 
      * Our Lens Quality: Guaranteed 

  * Glasses Info 

    *       * How To Buy Online 
      * Consumer Guide 
      * Shop By Shape, Color, Size, etc 

  * &lt; Back 
  * Order Lenses 
  * Lens Pricelist 
  * Prescription Lenses 

    *       * Single Vision 
      * Progressive (No Line) 
      * Bifocal (With Line) 
      * Trifocal (With Lines) 
      * Reading Vision 
      * Computer Vision 
      * Eyezen 
      * Lens Options 
      * Lens Services 

  * Lens Materials 

    *       * CR-39 (regular plastic) 
      * High-Index 1.59 Polycarbonate 
      * Ultra Thin 1.67 &amp; 1.74 
      * Trivex (Best for rimless frames) 
      * Glass 
      * Oakley Plutonite Polycarbonate 

  * Replacement Lenses 

  * &lt; Back 
  * All Sunglasses 
  * Shop By Category 

    *       * In Stock 
      * Womens 
      * Mens 
      * Prescription 
      * Polarized 
      * Designer 
      * Round Sunglasses 
      * Most Popular 
      * Celebrity 
      * Top Brands 
      * Rimless 
      * Clip On Sunglasses 
      * Vintage 
      * Fishing 
      * Sport 
      * Golf 
      * Motorcycle 
      * Boating 
      * Flexible 
      * Kids 
      * Driving 
      * Swarovski Crystals 
      * Aviator Sunglasses 
      * Asian Fit 
      * Sale 

  * Top Brands 

    *       * See All 400+ Brands 
      * Oakley 
      * Prada 
      * Gucci 
      * Ray Ban 
      * Versace 
      * Dolomiti Vintage 
      * Tom Ford 
      * Burberry 
      * Maui Jim 
      * Persol 
      * Balenciaga 
      * Coach 
      * Tory Burch 
      * Revo 
      * Kate Spade 
      * Dolce &amp; Gabbana 
      * Tiffany 
      * Nike 
      * Wiley X 
      * Bolle 
      * Salvatore Ferragamo 
      * Giorgio Armani 
      * Vogue 

  * Sunglasses Lenses 

    *       * How To Choose 
      * Lens Pricelist 
      * Our Lens Quality: Guaranteed 

  * Sunglasses Info 

    *       * How To Buy Online 
      * Prescription Sunglasses 
      * Shop By Shape, Color, Size, etc 

  * &lt; Back 
  * All Reading Glasses 
  * Shop By Category 

    *       * Monocle 
      * Pince Nez 
      * Lorgnette 
      * Folding 
      * Half-Eye 

###  Eyewear Info

How To Buy Glasses Online  How to Buy FAQ  Consumer Guide

###  Eyeglass Frames

Adjusting  Blue Light Glasses  Cheap Eyeglasses  Cleaning  Computer Glasses
Flexible  Frame Shape  Frame Fit  Frame Materials  Frame Parts  Frame Quality
Frame Size  Frame Types  Glasses &amp; Face Shape  Kids Glasses  Prescription
Glasses  Prescription Sunglasses  Reading Glasses  Replace Your Broken
Eyeglasses  Rimless Frames  Smart Glasses  Try On Glasses

###  Prescription Lenses

Lenses FAQ  How to Choose  Anti-Reflective Coating  Bifocals  Contact Lenses
Crizal Avance  Crizal Prevencia  Crizal Sun  Eyeglass Lenses  High Index  Lens
Services  Lens Quality  Oakley  Progressive  Ray-Ban  Replacement Lenses
Segment Height Measurement  Transitions  UV Protection  Varilux

###  Your Eyes &amp; Prescription

Your Prescription  Pupil Distance  How to Submit Rx  Online Eye Exam  Eye
Health  Eye Test  LASIK Surgery  Cataracts  Vision Benefits - Employers
Vision Info Links  Vision Test  Vision Insurance  Vision Insurance - Aetna
Vision Insurance - Avesis  Vision Insurance - Block  Vision Insurance - Blue
Cross Blue Shield  Vision Insurance - Davis Vision  Vision Insurance - Eyemed
Vision Insurance - Flex Spending  Vision Insurance – Humana  Vision Insurance
- NewVision Benefits  Vision Insurance - Spectera  Vision Insurance - VSP

###  Company Info

About Us  Advanced Search  Affiliate Program  Careers  Company Info  Community
Service  Discount Glasses  Eyeglasses Recycling  Gift Certificates  Gift of
Vision  Management  Mission Statement  Money Back Guarantee  Newsletter  Price
Match  Return Policy  Optometrist – Westport  Optometrist – West Hartford
Order Tracking  Press  Privacy and Security  Shipping US  Shipping
International  Store Locator  Store - Westport  Store – West Hartford  Terms
of Use  Testimonials

#  ABOUT US

At Eyeglasses.com, "Our Vision is Service." We are a high quality, high
service provider of eyewear. We never make glasses in "about an hour", we
don't make them in the back room, and we do not send them overseas. We use the
world's largest and best quality lens laboratory -  Essilor  \- to make all of
our glasses using the finest quality materials. Our service quality is what
differentiates us from all of the other online eyewear companies.  
  
Our service quality has been recognized by organizations such is  BBB  ,
Shopper Approved  , and  BizRate  . Of all the online eyewear companies, we
have the highest rating from the Better Business Bureau (A+), and we have held
that for 14 years - far longer than any other. We believe that there is no
cutting corners in making a fine pair of eyewear. Our service philosophy also
extends to our  community and our environment  , and we particiipate in the
Lions Club eyewear recycling program  . We offer tools to help customers make
their own eyewear decisions, and the ability to buy their eyewear easily and
at the right price. Follow this link to read more about our  Management Team
.

We only offer a top  quality lens  service; we do not offer cut-rate lens
service at a lower price. We feel that in lenses there is no cutting corners.
Regarding frames, we continually strive to offer only good quality frames;
however, while a $50 frame could be good quality, it is not designed to last
as long as a $100 frame in most cases. We listen to your comments and do
remove frames and frame brands when we hear complaints about unusual amounts
of product breakage. All of our products and services carry the Eyeglasses.com
warranty and return policy.

The eyewear industry does not provide consumers with much information about
buying eyewear. We want you to have as much information as possible so that
you can make an informed decision. If we can help you learn about buying
eyewear, I have succeeded in my personal mission whether you buy from us or
not. But I believe that after you compare our products, services, and prices
against other eyewear stores, our value package will win you over as a
customer.

Is The Eyeglasses.com service package a good choice for you? Here is a quick
summary of our "value package":

1) We offer tools to enable you to make your own eyewear decisions: a giant
frame selection,  Lens Wizard  ,  Frame Search  , Prescription Manager,  Lens
Price List  ,  Glasses Buying Guide  , and more.

2) Our prices are about double our costs for products, which are usually much
lower prices than other retail stores. However, we are not discounters, we do
not accept  insurance  and we do not price match. We only provide high quality
lens service and we value quality over speed at the lens lab.

3) Buying  eyeglass frames  from us takes longer than buying eyewear at your
local store. If you are in a rush, buying eyewear from us is not your best
alternative. Go to our  shipping  page for more information about timing.
Also, if you need someone else to make all of your eyewear decisions for you,
you are better off going to a local optical store. However, we are always
available by  phone or email  to answer your questions.

The service we provide is different from the service you will experience in an
eyewear store. Since our founding in 1999 many years ago, hundreds of
thousands of people have chosen us and been thrilled with the result. At The
Vision Solution Store, "Our Vision Is Service" and our method is honesty and
integrity. We work every day to improve our service, and we take all customer
comments very seriously.  
  
We take a wide view of the concept of Service, and so we give back to several
organizations including the Homeless (various local shelters),  Rotary
International  , and  Sankara Eye Foundation  . In fact, in December 2017 we
set up a program to cure blindness in one person per day. As of May 2, 2019,
we have cured blindness in 565 people, and that number grows every day.

From all of us at Eyeglasses.com, thank you for visiting The Eyeglasses.com
Vision Solution Store, founded in 1999 as "Eyeglasses.com", for all your
eyeglasses  and  sunglasses  needs.

Mark Agnew  
Founder and CEO  
147 Post Road East  
Westport, CT 06880  
203-544-0770  
help@eyeglasses.com

